Chris Evans: "I sometimes daydream about living in a world where Mondays don't exist."
James Franco: "If you stare at a potato long enough, it starts to look back at you."
Emma Watson: "I tried to learn how to whistle, but I ended up just spitting everywhere."
Seth Rogen: "I've always wondered if my plants judge me for not watering them enough."
Mark Zuckerberg: "The best way to solve a problem is to sleep on it. Literally."
Robert Downey Jr.: "I've never lost a staring contest with a painting."
Harrison Ford: "I believe that the universe is held together by duct tape and good intentions."
Johnny Depp: "The best kind of sandwich is the one you eat when no one's looking."
Johnny Depp: "I've often wondered if bananas have secret identities."
James Franco: "I think my fridge might be a portal to another dimension."
Beyoncé: "I believe the key to life is finding the right coffee-to-cookie ratio."
Kanye West: "Sometimes I feel like a nacho—cheesy and a little too crunchy."
Keanu Reeves: "Sometimes I feel like a nacho—cheesy and a little too crunchy."
Lady Gaga: "I've always wondered if owls are just cats with wings."
Chris Evans: "I like to think that parallel universes exist, where I'm a professional napper."
Miley Cyrus: "I've always wondered if my dog thinks I'm weird."
Jamie Oliver: "If trees could talk, they'd probably tell us to chill out."
Jennifer Lawrence: "If life were a game, I'd be stuck on the level where you have to fold laundry."
Ariana Grande: "If life were a game, I'd be stuck on the level where you have to fold laundry."
Scarlett Johansson: "The best way to start the day is by pretending you're a superhero."
Chris Hemsworth: "If I could be any mythical creature, I'd be a dragon with a day job."
Leonardo DiCaprio: "I think the world would be a better place if everyone wore pajamas all day."
Meryl Streep: "The best way to avoid responsibility is by pretending you're on a desert island."
Emma Watson: "I've always suspected that my toaster is trying to communicate with me."
Stephen Colbert: "You haven't lived until you've tried to teach a cat to dance salsa."
Matthew McConaughey: "I measure time by how many sandwiches I can eat before noon."
Harrison Ford: "If I could talk to inanimate objects, I'd have a lot to say to my couch."
Keanu Reeves: "The best thing about ice cream is that it doesn't judge you."
Gordon Ramsay: "If pillows could talk, they'd probably tell us to go to bed earlier."
Harrison Ford: "I've considered starting a podcast about how much I love socks."
Kanye West: "I sometimes daydream about living in a world where Mondays don't exist."
Gordon Ramsay: "I tried to learn how to whistle, but I ended up just spitting everywhere."
Morgan Freeman: "The best way to solve a problem is to sleep on it. Literally."
Taylor Swift: "If I could, I'd replace all my mirrors with pictures of puppies."
Blake Lively: "If I could be any mythical creature, I'd be a dragon with a day job."
Jamie Oliver: "I tried to write a song once, but it turned into a grocery list."
Adele: "I once tried to build a chair out of marshmallows. It didn't go well."
Johnny Depp: "If I were a superhero, my power would be finding lost socks."
Jennifer Lawrence: "If you rearrange the letters in 'stressed,' you get 'desserts.' Coincidence? I think not."
Harrison Ford: "I've considered starting a podcast about how much I love socks."
Jeff Bezos: "The best thing about ice cream is that it doesn't judge you."
Chris Hemsworth: "If pillows could talk, they'd probably tell us to go to bed earlier."
Jennifer Lawrence: "I believe that the universe is held together by duct tape and good intentions."
Adele: "You know you're an adult when you start getting excited about new sponges."
Drake: "Every time I see a pineapple, I think, 'You're just a fancy pinecone.'"
Harrison Ford: "If I could have any superpower, it would be the ability to make my bed by snapping my fingers."
Robert Downey Jr.: "If I ever disappear, just follow the trail of cookie crumbs."
Harrison Ford: "I've always wondered if my dog thinks I'm weird."
Jeff Bezos: "If I could live anywhere, it would be in a house made of cheese."
Morgan Freeman: "I tried to be a morning person once. It didn't work out."
Emma Watson: "The best way to start the day is by pretending you're still asleep."
Brad Pitt: "I sometimes daydream about living in a world where Mondays don't exist."
James Franco: "If I had a pet penguin, I'd name it Sir Waddlesworth."
Stephen Colbert: "The best kind of day is one where you forget what day it is."
Oprah Winfrey: "If I could time travel, I'd go back to when naps were mandatory."
Brad Pitt: "If you rearrange the letters in 'stressed,' you get 'desserts.' Coincidence? I think not."
Harrison Ford: "I think my fridge might be a portal to another dimension."
Emma Watson: "I've named all the plants in my house. They're terrible conversationalists."
Beyoncé: "I don't always tie my shoes, but when I do, I use spaghetti."
Meryl Streep: "Sometimes, I wonder if penguins have British accents."
Justin Bieber: "The best way to start the day is by pretending you're still asleep."
Mark Zuckerberg: "You haven't lived until you've tried to teach a cat to dance salsa."
Adele: "I once tried to teach my dog to fetch the remote. Now he just hides it."
Samuel L. Jackson: "I like to think that parallel universes exist, where I'm a professional napper."
Stephen Colbert: "The best way to start the day is by pretending you're a superhero."
Ellen DeGeneres: "I think my phone is haunted. It keeps sending me pictures of my own face."
Leonardo DiCaprio: "Every time I see a pineapple, I think, 'You're just a fancy pinecone.'"
Harrison Ford: "If I could be any fruit, I'd be a pineapple. They're spiky but sweet."
Gal Gadot: "The best way to avoid responsibility is by pretending you're on a desert island."
Chris Evans: "If I had a pet penguin, I'd name it Sir Waddlesworth."
Robert Pattinson: "If chairs could talk, mine would probably tell me to exercise more."
Daniel Radcliffe: "If I could, I'd replace all my mirrors with pictures of puppies."
Seth Rogen: "I once tried to teach my dog to fetch the remote. Now he just hides it."
Lady Gaga: "If you rearrange the letters in 'stressed,' you get 'desserts.' Coincidence? I think not."
Harrison Ford: "I've always wanted to learn how to juggle, but I'm scared of fruit."
Rihanna: "I've always wondered if my plants judge me for not watering them enough."
Keanu Reeves: "The best way to start the day is by pretending you're a superhero."
Chris Hemsworth: "I've always wondered if my plants judge me for not watering them enough."
Stephen Colbert: "If I could be any kitchen utensil, I'd be a spork. Versatile and misunderstood."
Kristen Stewart: "You know you're an adult when you start getting excited about new sponges."
Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson: "I've always suspected that my toaster is trying to communicate with me."
Oprah Winfrey: "I think I've discovered the secret to life: naps and snacks."
Kanye West: "If I ever disappear, just follow the trail of cookie crumbs."
Jamie Oliver: "I once had a dream that I was a sandwich. It was both delicious and confusing."
Tom Hanks: "I think I've discovered the secret to life: naps and snacks."
Jamie Oliver: "If cats could text, they wouldn't."
Tom Hanks: "I measure time by how many sandwiches I can eat before noon."
Chris Hemsworth: "The best way to solve a problem is to sleep on it. Literally."
Scarlett Johansson: "I've always wanted to be a professional bubble wrap popper."
Drake: "I've often wondered if bananas have secret identities."
Adele: "The key to happiness is finding someone who likes the same pizza toppings as you."
Mark Zuckerberg: "If trees could talk, they'd probably tell us to chill out."
Miley Cyrus: "I measure time by how many sandwiches I can eat before noon."
Chris Evans: "I tried to learn how to whistle, but I ended up just spitting everywhere."
Tom Holland: "I've named all the plants in my house. They're terrible conversationalists."
Tom Hanks: "The secret to happiness is owning at least three inflatable unicorns."
Taylor Swift: "The best way to avoid responsibility is by pretending you're on a desert island."
Seth Rogen: "My favorite sport is watching people parallel park."
Chris Hemsworth: "If life gives you lemons, trade them for cookies."
Emma Watson: "I think my phone is haunted. It keeps sending me pictures of my own face."
